yo yo yo everybody generic me here and
welcome to a hermits look at antihero so
this game has been out for a while on
Steam but it just came out on iOS and I
believe also Android but I'm an iOS
mobile gamer this this video is not
sponsored but man I tell you what this
game is just so good that I couldn't
help but make a video on it and show you
guys about it because show you guys
about it that's good English thanks baby
you're real smart um so I'm gonna jump
right into it it's basically it is a it
is like a board game digital board game
but you can play with your friends you
can do a passing play you play online
you can play it by yourself against AI
which is what I'm gonna do right now
obviously I'm gonna put it on normal I'm
pretty good I can play on Hard
difficulty but I'm just gonna do it on
normal um and so your goal is you are
the leader of a kind of Thieves Guild
back in the old Victorian Gaslight era
and you have to beat your opponent by
earning victory points before they do so
we're gonna go right in I'm gonna say
let's just do big city because it's like
the normal old stuff and we'll hit next
and you can pick your avatar these
unlock as you do the campaign and then
they have some that you can pay a little
bit extra and get some mo bettah mo
bettah skins but I am going to play as -
furred because I like them and we'll
play versus the AI so I'm just gonna run
this through with you a little bit to
show you what it's all about here's my
boy it is turn-based just like you would
expect for like a digital board game to
be and you can see up in the upper left
hand corner and also under hide there's
like five little diamonds that's the
victory points that you need in order to
beat the
game and there's different ways you
could do that but before we get into it
I'm gonna show you just the basics of
how you play the game so you see here's
my little dude he has two little dots
over him right now that means he has two
actions he can do and we are the master
thief so basically what our main
character does is Scout out the areas in
burgle eyes or burgle places burgle yeah
burgle so what we're gonna do first is
we're gonna go to this treating house
we're gonna click on it and burgle it a
hall so what that does is that allows us
to give a couple coins coins are used to
summon different types of dudes for your
gang and and then the lamps are used to
unlock if I click on this little green
house down here in the bottom that is
used to unlock different different what
you what would you call it like lake
powers I guess and different characters
for your game for your team so the first
one I'm going to do is this cooking I'm
gonna click on it because it's unlocks
urgent urgent infiltrate businesses and
I know this may seem kind of kind of
confusing at first but once you play the
tutorial is brilliant on it you just
play the tutorial and you'll figure it
all out if I can play it you guys can
play it so right now you see you've got
this little urchin we want to throw them
into a business and so we're gonna click
on our trading house infiltrate and he
goes right in and you can see on the if
I click on this on the lower left hand
corner you can see it says it's a
trading house
because I have one little urchin in
there I we get one lamp per turn if we
actually had three total in there we
would get two lamps per turn and that's
a that kind of works because I'm gonna
go through I'm going to scout out this
little area it says burgle okay so that
church is a good one if we get three
urchins in that we actually get a
victory point so that's a good one to
know about but for right now our time is
over we have four coins we could
by another urgent but I'm just gonna let
let it be right now and i'ma hit submit
my mom and then hides gonna run around
he's gonna do his business and you can't
see exactly what the what the other dude
is doing because because there's that
this fog of war which you can use to
your advantage as well alright so now as
you can see there is down there is friar
Magwitch and that is another way you can
earn a victory point as if you
assassinate that person right so they
have four hearts we have no actual way
to do damage right now I'm going to do
one of these jobbies okay so see now I
found a guy I'm gonna go in to my
upgrade upgrade my guild and I'm gonna
select a game right and so that will
recruit our first gig this is very much
like I'll do Gangs of New York there he
is right looks just like them and so
this is gonna be my muscle and so I can
just reach right over there I even had a
tech of cool of cools smash them up like
there's no tomorrow
right and every time a game kills
somebody or evict somebody so you can
kick little urchins out of buildings you
can upgrade them so right now I think
I'm just gonna do the gold so we can
start getting more gold going on there
is I'm going to scout one more let's
scout this guy right over here see
what's all about
okay oh and another church fisherman's
cracks whoa boy do I go to that church
let's go ahead and recruit a little dude
ham and oh and we'll infantry hello
infantry now we got two dudes in there
and that is it for our turrets realtor
and we'll let the man do his thing
I kept game it out okay he didn't do too
much hey we're doing pretty good I
believe I want to scout out this little
area see what it is okay so that is an
estate estate is good if you have the
certain unlocks you can get a whole
bunch of really good either coins or
lanterns from them I am going to scout
out this little guy over here and then
here's our man we can attack you and all
okay now every turn you have the ability
let's go for damage this time and I'm
gonna buy a little urchin boy and roast
it wants to come in there so now on our
next our next turn we're gonna get two
lanterns instead of just 100 which helps
out quite a bit um
now every turn you can upgrade your
guild if there's nothing that you want
to upgrade you can go into charity and
you can either get for gold or toon
lanterns and so that's it's kind of a
pretty good strategy if like kind of
later in the game you just need some
extra gold or something to like buy
something what I'm going to do is I'm
actually going to hit as a scout so that
gives me one
extra turn so now you can see instead of
just having the the two little dots I
now have three so I have an extra turn
here and I am going to burble this thing
it's over Oh an orphanage awesome okay
and I'm going to let that be with that
in our life okay so the orphanage if we
put in one H in then the orphans cost
one last coin which is really nice
otherwise if we have three then the
urchins can affect people which is also
pretty good uh-huh right so now we her
okay all right we don't wait have I do
okay we don't quite have the firepower
yet to take on that dude but I am going
to I'm going to attack this man attack
this man we're going to upgrade the man
I'm going to give him the damage Hey
and I am going to buy a urgent now
you'll notice that was three three coins
to do that I'm gonna put them in here
I'm on it
and so now merchant class is one less
I'm also all going to go in Scout out
this church got a little money off of
that as well
oh no got a lantern off that nice and we
get one more dude lamp and I'm gonna put
them in here because the first one you
get one point if you get all three of
you at the victory point like I talked
about see so it's really not that
difficult and then we got to upgrade our
thing
I'm going to go
[Music]
I'm going to go for the lamplighters
which means you get one extra lantern
every turn really helps to get that kind
of early in the game and we're done and
then we let Hyde do his thing yeah come
on up get done our rake he's trying to
do some stuff
oh that's just me getting all my stuff
now he's gonna go around do his stuff
turn four
who will win who will reign supreme okay
he's infiltrating some stuff but we
don't know what he's infiltrating and
he's got a gang member in there
somewhere
and now this is where it gets a little
important right so if I now go wait I
gotta kill the man did that night oh did
I accidentally make it to where it was
plus oh I might have Oh there that sucks
all right I'm gonna go or no maybe it
didn't okay I'm going here I'm gonna
attack them okay you got three coins um
let's go ahead and bump up the damage on
him now you'll notice that's three I can
go in here I'm gonna actually pick
brewing so that unlocks the thug and you
can see I have three more lanterns I
could actually buy another thing I could
buy my dagger right now but everything
that you upgrade within a turn it starts
getting more and more expensive as you
do it so it's not necessarily the best
idea plus I'm thinking on my next one I
might well then we'll see I probably
will get the dagger on the next one so I
have this thug thugs are used for two
ways he can either block a path you just
tell him to go somewhere and block it or
he could have him join a game
and now it gives them three three Hertz
and I think you can do a max of six hey
hey I think it's it maybe five or six if
they get a bonus and which we haven't
found the bonus yet but it's like the
jump the gentleman's strange gentleman's
place or something like that
hey it's so let's do a little more
Bergland I'm going out out around here
let's do a purple job on my way
ah the strange fellows Club that's what
it's called the South harelip and
because I have money let's recruit I'm
gonna put this little man right in here
and I'm going to buy a dude ham and I'm
gonna put them in here okay Oh
deep in my man safe all right
and then we go on to the next turn now
if that if that bishop or the friar
doesn't doesn't move I'm hoping he
sticks around maybe then we'll be able
to knock him out in this one and we'll
get our first victory point okay you
know he's good he's got a dude that was
hide by the way if you see him pop out
okay don't move don't move don't move he
is still there okay so we're gonna
upgrade we're gonna get her dagger and
so this will take a two this will be a
two-man effort here I'm gonna do the
first attack because I want my gang
member to get the or I want my gang to
get the killing blow so we can upgrade
them as well so the contract has been
completed we get our first victory point
and I think
oh just for now I might work on some
more getting the gold up there cuz that
is always good to get a lot of money
money money all that money um I'm going
to do a Burkle job on that see what that
is I'm kind of hoping for an estate not
so bad not so bad um let's get ourselves
a cheap one of these dudes put them in
there get ourselves a cheap orphan put
it in there we now have our second
mm-hmm
second victory points so is blackmailing
to church uh and then we can I really
was hoping to find like a bank but I
don't see a bank here thanks really good
for money um I might do let's do a Scout
job here just to see what these these
dummies are doing okay and then I think
I'm good it feels pretty good for right
now let's do that it's MIT now the next
turn for us unless old dirtbag is gonna
do it first let's see will he be a jerk
and buy the bribe we shall find out who
knew assassin contract and you can see
now that was five Hertz okay where you
going what's going on why did you make a
thing bride has been delivered uh yeah
Packer I should have known
okay so what what that meant was if I go
to if I go to the thing you see down
where it says bribery we can actually
buy the next one and I'm I couldn't do
that
he has six Lant I'm gonna do it before
he does
oh so that took all of my stinking my
stinking lamps but that's okay I got it
before he did so hey um alright we are
going to try to get tech oh no I didn't
mean do that oh well but I did hacker
I meant for my gang member to do that um
that's okay when you Scout this guy how
old all right we have our yeah dude ham
protect that let's go okay and then yeah
we got all that money it pays pays to
have those guys pimped out um and then
I'm gonna up his
dude I guess I'll up his damage he's a
force to be reckoned with I tell you
what I'm gonna use my last one to burgle
this one and see what's in it okay so
there is one Brougham that is in there
okay well I'm gonna do this I'm gonna
recruit stick a man in there um I do
have some extra monies so maybe no I'm
gonna leave it be
just for right now um and I'm going to
yeah let's just leave it as is for the
moment I'm gonna say yes let's go all
right so if I can do one more
assassination which we are in the market
for that we could actually do that but
she's kind of far away okay where you
going pal you need to stay away from me
he's trying to steal things
Oh ooh a man just tried to beat on me
okay we got to do something about that
where did he run off to
who beat was that hide beat on me nope
aha
so look at this little jerk see this guy
right there scout oh we could take him
oh you're gonna wish you'd never been
born
what what are you doing this is this is
why playing against the AI there will be
little quirks like no one in the right
mind no real person would have done that
okay and then we can do the eviction I'm
man put them in their joint gang and
then oh dude there's dudes in there he's
really going for that victory that's
okay we have three hmm I go in yes I'm
gonna go for expert Scout because then
there's one called a truant officer
which we're gonna use on that guy he's
gonna hate it
uh but let's see mrs. Briggs or yeah
miss Prague is over there won't be for
long but I'm gonna do just a quick Scout
job and we have one more oh okay let's
just burgle don't know you don't know
don't break oh can I forego that no I
can't burgle it
well can't that Burkle Eichenberg ol
this thing on my way
I want to unlock it and see what we got
Oh a trading house okay so that's
probably his trading house
great where else the hall recruit so I
might as well
infiltrate that um and then once we get
in a good spot here like I could do this
I could say recruit boy he's gonna hate
this but I'm gonna do it see because I
have a fully fully leveled up orphanage
that's when I'm able to he's gonna he
life on that he's gonna be so mad okay
and we go and we get all sorts of good
stuff out of that okay guarantee he's
gonna put another due to him in there
and that oh yes okay we're as good as
good as gold I think I mean were you
going to man we trying to do here don't
hit my man no oh so that is the assassin
the sister oh you jerk oh why you got to
be the worst oh he's so terrible oh he's
just turned this game around not really
but okay
you did you did you hear me you did okay
I need a new gang member here we go oh
yeah that's the one thing it sucks man
just like you build up those guys and
then they just get torn down so quick um
I am going to kill me yes I'm gonna use
me use a knife let me get rid of that
guy great do one here and then take mine
I might as well like don't let that guy
grow up big and strong we do not want
him around here okay and I'll just do
straight up damage on that uh I'm going
to hmm
man this is gonna be rough
I'm going to know I can't kill that guy
I can't kill that guy
so yeah let's do a Scout job on this
okay uh let me see what else I need to
do here because I can't I need one more
turn to get this truant officer and
that's gonna be the absolute best but
okay this this might work this might
work oh uh yeah I'm sorry I'm thinking
oh I'm gonna hit I'm just gonna burgle
I'm gonna get some money and I have one
more so you can go into all these places
that are dark and you can burgle them
and you potentially will get coins or
gold or something like that
okay I'm gonna recruit another DPM put
them in here join the game okay being
strong and for this one I'm gonna pass
on actually upgrading it I'm gonna get
two lanterns because I need update to do
what I want to do in the next in the
next round
and then I shall submit could have used
an orphan I could have hired a couple of
orphans to you knock out those guys in
the in the church but I don't want to
because I'm hoping I'm hoping he's gonna
put a third one in there get some jury
dang it what are you gonna do
okay he bought he bought uh me okay and
he's gonna try to level him up a little
bit
oh no you dirty dog so he did to me what
I was gonna do to him oh what a jerk but
you are okay that's fine that's fine you
see how the tables have turned
that's fine we've got this
this is not a problem whatsoever because
I'm about to do one to him when he just
done up to me so now we're gonna go
straight up we are going to buy the
truant officer photo and we're gonna use
it on this fisherman's crotch so that
guy will take every every dude that's in
there and evict them
so three urchins got evicted now and now
we can buy one again anytime we have
nine coins which is quite a lot of money
but that's okay um so now we can be
doing cheap here oh I'm just going and
now it's time to do some work uh can i
I'm going to have this man detective
donation okay so then that will get the
damage up a little bit okay
I'm going to burgle this little thing to
find out what's going on over here oh
it's an estate yes okay very nice very
nice um I am going to hmm I'm gonna kill
a man
and I am going to use my last two mmm no
do wait I just want to let sparkle on my
way
so vertical and okay so I've got five
five six out of that I'm gonna use one
of these guys that I'm gonna put them
right in here I'm on it
so that gives us an extra couple coins
for that turn and we're done and we've
done so if I can if I can get for urgent
in those churches and kill the lady we
win the game and that is what I'm going
for
alternatively I could spend what are you
gonna do
thanks fine don't do me dirty
oh there's a ban okay and you're gonna
rob it aren't you huh got thug
interesting interesting strategy I do
declare she did move somewhere else
Hey dang it okay let's see if we can't
do something about that I don't think I
can on this nest turn necessarily I can
do a scalp job I can I can attack you
right I'm going to use this man right
here and attack him get him out of the
way dummy and let's give him the damage
he so richly deserves in desire okay so
next next turn I will be able to do that
um now I need money and lots of it
so let's let's just burgle some stuff
and that was pretty good amount of money
and we are going to Burkle's my girl oh
that was a good one
and that's it for that so now I'm gonna
buy as many of these little bro hams as
I can why and I'm gonna try to do it I'm
gonna kind of what hack the system a
little bit and I could buy one
and I will die one more what okay so now
he's in we've got her blackmail back
okay if we play our cards rate if
everything goes according to plan we
might just get this get this all working
um okay so now do I want the gold yeah
I'm gonna get no I don't need to go I'll
be fine with that um I'm going to Master
Scout just in case just in case I need
to do something and then we're gonna
like just Scout it so don't have to
worry about that the next step the next
one okay okay
unless this dude does something really
terrible and knocks out my my gang or
uses he has no money so we can't buy
another one of those whatever you call
them like
bribes delivered okay so he spent all
his all the stuff on the next bribe
truant officer a so a second yeah he's
he's birdied he's on the ropes we've got
him we've wanted rich right here and it
is my turn all right so now I have good
this day boy get inside there oh so now
we've got our second blackmail okay
and now get so killed in the final blow
from my game member has home and that's
not it I love it and then we win
huzzah submit my turn and we have won
now there is there's a lot of different
levels of maps on this so if I go back
really quick
I'll just kind of give you the the down
like the the down low on this stuff like
the wharf there's different ships that
come every one small and you have to put
two urchins on the ship there's a
masquerade you have to steal masts and
then actually send your perch injure
your or your thugs into a party and then
they steal stuff
there's the palace where you have to
take over guard towers and then you can
go into the palace and steal some of the
the royal heirlooms really really really
great game plus you can do you do pass
and play you can play it online there's
an amazing campaign on this I it was
just so good I couldn't help but do it
episode on it and show you guys but
fellas that is doing it for me for this
episode hope you guys enjoyed pick it up
it's available on Steam it's available
on the App Store probably $4.99 on the
App Store
it plays marvelously on the iPad and I'm
pretty sure it's on Android as well but
I don't do Android that's it for me hope
you guys enjoyed and until next time
take care
brush your hair I'll see you when I see
you
[Music]